https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/2a21a1ff-0400-a521-ea48-f1eab4f02a14

<minwoo> solution


early prototype


universal proprosal
only intent/slots , no domains

also intent/slot join output (similar to what zhiguo is doing)

doamin mappin layer : to keep originla contact


no domians,  so top intent decides domain
TVS : 90 intents



this is called 'uber' in QPC

uber_joint_featurizer : shared preprocessing


intent\slot togetjer: you can also call mutli task traing (make sense)
    for a intent, it onyl associates with certain slots

also CLS  , domain token for intent


viterbi search

shared parameter (shared by different intents)
intent-aware parameter.(specific intent search space)


flow
intent/ slot at first , then have a way to infere domain score(to keep the same contract with skills)

how to get domain score?
    select max per domian(curreent) , or sumof , depending on implemntation
    
    no normalziation so far, but HRS needs to turn whether normalization
    
    how about using threshold to trigger?
         right know no, in the future we need to calibrate
         
         
    LU to tell the first hypothese snice no domains core
       not good, HRS needs to have a way to do that.
    
    
    
    how about mutti hypothesis for one intent?  
          it can also work
          
          
    targeting  client base - one model for one client
    

intent imbalance claasfication
?  current do not take consideration of intent imbalance


only using UNIGRAM , not n-bert
   bert is future work
   triangle module (linear module) to prevent intent / slot at the same time
   still linear model, 
   
   
  evaluation pipeline, can be checked in the futrue
   

Experiemntation
   rule fst : remove intent slot patternd but keep domain fst
   if remove domains,  will be 70% only  (becasue some doamins only has rules , no machine learning model)
   
   MDM : no rules(so memory is small)   join features
         each row is to prove with this feautre , how does it impact result?
        joint int : do not sue join inf
        hyper tune: 
 
   low-volumn intent  still an issue
      wtih respect o people domain data
      
   latency reduce?
      11 domains to 1 domains, also duplicated features extracted , so latench reduced
      
      
      
  there is a onenote page you can study
  
why joint model matter?
    intent 只會有dedicated slots lists



now the version does not have a way to add rules?
    Q1 will address


training pipeline
    can be reused , activated through clu studio
    
now the experientation is for teams

demo
   you can use on carina/ bing intent to test

Q1 plan
    multi turn support
    
    
similairty-based hotfix?
    what does it mean?
    
    
     


Tao question ? not sure


each dataset distribtuion is different

